== QOC 2019 Scoring System

This is a fork of the {GAOC Southeast Interscholastic Scoring System}[https://github.com/OldRugger/seis_2] used for the {2019 QOC Junior Nationals}[http://uschamps.qocweb.org] meet.

This is just a couple mods for QOC's specific meet.
* Use +Stno+ instead of +Database ID+.
* Teams are created during Runner import (the OE2010 file exported from EventReg).
  * +Team.name+ = +Text2+ column.
  * +Team.entryclass+ = +Short+ column (class on short orienteering course)
  * +Team.JROTC_branch+ = Currently hardcoded list or "Unknown" if +Text3+ contains _JROTC_ and school not in hardcoded list.
  * +Team.school+ = +Text1+ or nil if +Text3+ contains _Club_ to indicate a Club team.
  * +Team.category+ = _Club_, _School_ or _College_ depending on search of +Text3+.
* Runners are assigned to Teams based on together: +Name+, +Class+, +JROTC_Branch+, +School+ and +Category+. If any one of those fields do not match, a new Team is created and the runner assigned to it.
* Importing results
  * The +Runner.import+ is re-ran on the results file. If OE is setup to periodically export results, the scorer can make team / runner changes in OE and not have to worry about reimporting on the computer that is displaying results.
* Layout has been adjusted for display of both Interscholasic and Intercollegiate classes.

===Install
1.  Clone the repo
1.  Install gems
 gem install -v 1.3.0 bundler (optional: --user-install)
 bundle install
 mkdir results
1.  Set up the database
 bundle exec rake db:create
 bundle exec rake db:migrate
1.  Run
 bundle exec rails s

===Processing
====Import Runners \ Teams
* From the main page, select "Import Runners / Teams"
* From the Runners page select the Choose File, then select Import_Runners.
====Processing results. 
* Copy the OE results file in the the results directory. 
  * The file will be auto detected and processed.
  * Runners / Teams will be clear / re-imported from the results file.
  * *Caution*, the file will be deleted at the end of processing. 
